# Note
This is a VERY WiP archipelago setup. It basically is non funcitonal, however, it is able to run and give you keys for a couple of levels.

# Dustforce Setup:
- Put the archipelago folder into your `.../Dustforce/user/script_src` folder
- In dustmod, open the menu and select Dustmod > Mods > Pluginis
- In the source box type `archipelago/main.cpp`
- In the plugin name box type whatever you want to name it ("archipelago" probably)
- Be sure the plugin is selected in game

# External Setup:
## Multiworld file generation
- Under rando/Archipelago/Players, there will be a file `Dustforce.yaml`. This is the wip yaml file for the game. Obviously change it to whatever. 
  It is ripped directly from APQuest so it has a bunch of extra stuff we wont need in it.
- Run `rando/Archipelago/generate.py` with python to generate a multiworld save

## Running the server
- Run `rando/Archipelago/MultiServer.py` and select the zip file that was created from generate.py (see console output from previous command to see its name)

## Running the client
This was stolen from the undertale client because IDK its a pc game and I didnt know where else to start.
- In another terminal, run `python dustforceclient.py`, select your dustmod.exe file, it should launch the game.


## Important files:
Files that I could think of that have to do with Dustforce archipelago
### Dustforce/splits.txt
- file auto generated by dustforce. Its used by autosplitters and is generated by dustmod. example syntax is:
  ```
  2 
  boxes 0 30.0699 7749
  ```

- "2" is the number of times you have completed the level this session
- "boxes" is the level name
- "0" in this case is the number of combo drops
- 30.0699 i think is % completion
- 7749 is number of frames

### Dustforce/output.txt
- console output. This is how the dustforce plugin sends info to the client. Auto generated by dustmod.

### Dustforce/content/plugins/embeds/archipelago.sav
- proposed save file for your run. Currently has one line,

  `keys,0,1,0,0`

  where "keys" is just a label saying what the line means, and each integer is a value from 0-some large number of how many keys you have. the key order is `bronze,silver,gold,red`

### DustforceClient.py
- Archipelago client for dustforce

# Archipelago/worlds/dustforce
- Logic and such for dustforce. Basically APQuest modified. Still has a lot of old unneeded code in it.